todo.md, before:

### **TODO's:** ###

---

### Features: ###

##### Playlists #####
- add rating
	- skip song on downvote (and skip on shit)
	- add are you sure on poop-emoji
- paging for list_songs (.ls <playlist>)
- remove song from playlist by number
- .start command should clear queue and stop playback

##### Queue ##### 
- loop with options (song / queue / none)
- shuffle playback (useful for auto playlists, which cant be shuffled)

#### History ####
- show history
- replay sth from history

 #### Search ####
 - add song to playlist

##### Play song ##### 
- raw-MP3-support

##### Misc #####
- add cooldown for ALL commands!

---

#### Known Bugs: #### 

##### Error handling ##### 
- catch all promises and process accordingly. 
- catch all fatal errors to prevent bot crash.
- Notify user every time, even after unsuccessful execution.

##### Report all the Errors ####
- `Error [VOICE_PLAY_INTERFACE_BAD_TYPE]: Unknown stream type`
	-recreate:
		- .p heros mans
		- .autopl SoBig
		- .skip
		-> Crash
		- kinda random, need multiple tries (.skip on autopl)
		- might try .start <playlist> for consistent error
- `TypeError: Cannot read property 'src' of undefined`
	- recreate:
		- .search
		- .p rockabye / or any other command like .add
##### needs reporting #####
- .search no feedback when add is used
##### Strange behavior ##### 
- .search + >> last page is empty
- cant remove songs with .plremove (playlist newly created, poop-button works)
- sometimes in playback no sound is played while stream seems to be active.
	- can be solved via voice reconnect of the bot.
	- hard to reproduce reliable
- Stream ends immediately after start
	- can be solved via retry
	- hard to reproduce reliable

---

### Misc. ###

##### Availability ##### 
- host Database or DB + Bot. (openshift / heroku)

Commit message:

Errors fixed: - fixed plremove (regex was missing) - extended plremove (you can use numbers now) - added escapeRegex to DBService to clear title-names

todo.md, after:

### **TODO's:** ###

---

### Features: ###

##### Playlists #####
- add rating
	- skip song on downvote (and skip on shit)
	- add are you sure on poop-emoji
- paging for list_songs (.ls <playlist>)
- .start command should clear queue and stop playback to be used while song is playing

##### Queue ##### 
- loop with options (song / queue / none)
- shuffle playback (useful for auto playlists, which cant be shuffled)

#### History ####
- show history
- replay sth from history

 #### Search ####
 - add song to playlist

##### Play song ##### 
- raw-MP3-support

##### Misc #####
- add cooldown for ALL commands!

---

#### Known Bugs: #### 

##### Error handling ##### 
- catch all promises and process accordingly. 
- catch all fatal errors to prevent bot crash.
- Notify user every time, even after unsuccessful execution.

##### Report all the Errors ####
- `Error [VOICE_PLAY_INTERFACE_BAD_TYPE]: Unknown stream type`
	-recreate:
		- try .start <playlist> for consistent error
- `TypeError: Cannot read property 'src' of undefined`
	- recreate:
		- .search
		- .p rockabye / or any other command like .add
##### needs reporting #####
- .search no feedback when add is used

##### Strange behavior ##### 
- .search + >> last page is empty
- sometimes in playback no sound is played while stream seems to be active.
	- can be solved via voice reconnect of the bot.
	- hard to reproduce reliable
- Stream ends immediately after start
	- can be solved via retry
	- hard to reproduce reliable

---

### Misc. ###

##### Availability ##### 
- host Database or DB + Bot. (openshift / heroku)
